ESL PR separate into subsys and sample (#12012)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/esl_client.rst

.. _esl_service_client_readme:

> Electronic Shelf Label Service (ESLS) Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electronic Shelf Label Service (ESLS) client
```

############################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This module implements the Electronic Shelf Label Service client which acts as Access Point(AP) to use the ESL Service exposed by an ESL device,
> and how the central AP communicates with ESLs connectionlessly when one or more ESLs are in the Synchronized state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Electronic Shelf Label Service client library acts as an Access Point (AP) for using the ESL Service exposed by an ESL device.
It defines how the central AP communicates with ESLs when one or more ESLs are in the Synchronized state.
```

> The ESL Service Client is used in the :ref:`central_esl` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ESL Service client is used in the :ref:`central_esl` sample.
```

Service UUID
************

The 128-bit vendor-specific service UUID is ``0x1857``.

Characteristics
***************

> This service has 9 characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service has the following nine characteristics.
```

ESL Address Characteristic (``0x2BF6``)

> ============================================================

Reviewer: Same thing with the alignment as in the previous doc.
And actually, same changes as in the previous one, as they are almost identical.

Write

>    Write data to the ESL Address Characteristic to configure unique address to ESL device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Write data to the ESL Address Characteristic to configure a unique address to ESL device.
```
